Installed Packages
GConf2.x86_64                                                         3.2.6-8.el7                                                     @base   
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                                              1.6.10-4.el7                                                    @base   
NetworkManager.x86_64                                                 1:1.18.8-2.el7_9                                                @updates
NetworkManager-glib.x86_64                                            1:1.18.8-2.el7_9                                                @updates
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                                           1:1.18.8-2.el7_9                                                @updates
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                                            1:1.18.8-2.el7_9                                                @updates
Thunar.x86_64                                                         1.6.16-1.el7                                                    @epel   
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                                        0.0.25-1.el7                                                    @base   
accountsservice.x86_64                                                0.6.50-7.el7                                                    @base   
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                                           0.6.50-7.el7                                                    @base   
acl.x86_64                                                            2.2.51-15.el7                                                   @CentOS 
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                                           3.28.0-1.el7                                                    @base   
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                                             3.28-2.el7                                                      @base   
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                                             3.28.0-1.el7                                                    @base   
alsa-lib.x86_64                                                       1.1.8-1.el7                                                     @base   
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                                    2.26.2-1.el7                                                    @base   
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                                   2.28.0-1.el7                                                    @base   
atk.x86_64                                                            2.28.1-2.el7                                                    @base   
atkmm.x86_64                                                          2.24.2-1.el7                                                    @base   
audit-libs.x86_64                                                     2.8.5-4.el7                                                     @CentOS 
avahi-glib.x86_64                                                     0.6.31-20.el7                                                   @base   
avahi-libs.x86_64                                                     0.6.31-20.el7                                                   @base   
basesystem.noarch                                                     10.0-7.el7.centos                                               @CentOS 
bash.x86_64                                                           4.2.46-34.el7                                                   @CentOS 
bc.x86_64                                                             1.06.95-13.el7                                                  @base   
bind-license.noarch                                                   32:9.11.4-26.P2.el7_9.5                                         @updates
binutils.x86_64                                                       2.27-44.base.el7                                                @base   
bluez.x86_64                                                          5.44-7.el7                                                      @base   
bolt.x86_64                                                           0.7-1.el7                                                       @base   
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                                     1.0.6-13.el7                                                    @CentOS 
ca-certificates.noarch                                                2020.2.41-70.0.el7_8                                            @Updates
cairo.x86_64                                                          1.15.12-4.el7                                                   @base   
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                                  1.15.12-4.el7                                                   @base   
cairomm.x86_64                                                        1.12.0-1.el7                                                    @base   
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                                                10.2-17.el7                                                     @base   
centos-logos.noarch                                                   70.0.6-3.el7.centos                                             @base   
centos-release.x86_64                                                 7-9.2009.1.el7.centos                                           @updates
cheese-libs.x86_64                                                    2:3.28.0-1.el7                                                  @base   
chkconfig.x86_64                                                      1.7.6-1.el7                                                     @base   
cjkuni-uming-fonts.noarch                                             0.2.20080216.1-53.el7                                           @base   
clutter.x86_64                                                        1.26.2-2.el7                                                    @base   
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                                   3.0.26-1.el7                                                    @base   
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                                    1.8.4-1.el7                                                     @base   
cogl.x86_64                                                           1.22.2-2.el7                                                    @base   
color-filesystem.noarch                                               1-13.el7                                                        @base   
colord.x86_64                                                         1.3.4-2.el7                                                     @base   
colord-gtk.x86_64                                                     0.1.25-4.el7                                                    @base   
colord-libs.x86_64                                                    1.3.4-2.el7                                                     @base   
compat-libcolord1.x86_64                                              1.0.4-1.el7                                                     @base   
compat-libical1.x86_64                                                1.0.1-2.el7                                                     @base   
control-center-filesystem.x86_64                                      1:3.28.1-8.el7_9                                                @updates
coreutils.x86_64                                                      8.22-24.el7_9.2                                                 @updates
cpio.x86_64                                                           2.11-28.el7                                                     @base   
cracklib.x86_64                                                       2.9.0-11.el7                                                    @CentOS 
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                                 2.9.0-11.el7                                                    @CentOS 
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                                                2.0.3-6.el7                                                     @CentOS 
cups-libs.x86_64                                                      1:1.6.3-51.el7                                                  @base   
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                                 0.2.6-2.el7                                                     @base   
curl.x86_64                                                           7.29.0-59.el7_9.1                                               @updates
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                                 2.1.26-23.el7                                                   @CentOS 
dbus.x86_64                                                           1:1.10.24-15.el7                                                @base   
dbus-glib.x86_64                                                      0.100-7.el7                                                     @CentOS 
dbus-libs.x86_64                                                      1:1.10.24-15.el7                                                @base   
dbus-python.x86_64                                                    1.1.1-9.el7                                                     @CentOS 
dbus-x11.x86_64                                                       1:1.10.24-15.el7                                                @base   
dconf.x86_64                                                          0.28.0-4.el7                                                    @base   
dejavu-fonts-common.noarch                                            2.33-6.el7                                                      @base   
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                                              2.33-6.el7                                                      @base   
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                                         2.33-6.el7                                                      @base   
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                                             2.33-6.el7                                                      @base   
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                                             0.23-2.el7                                                      @base   
device-mapper.x86_64                                                  7:1.02.170-6.el7_9.5                                            @updates
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                                             7:1.02.170-6.el7_9.5                                            @updates
diffutils.x86_64                                                      3.3-5.el7                                                       @CentOS 
dracut.x86_64                                                         033-572.el7                                                     @base   
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                                    0.176-5.el7                                                     @base   
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                                                0.176-5.el7                                                     @base   
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                                  0.176-5.el7                                                     @base   
emacs-filesystem.noarch                                               1:24.3-23.el7                                                   @base   
enchant.x86_64                                                        1:1.6.0-8.el7                                                   @base   
epel-release.noarch                                                   7-13                                                            @epel   
evolution-data-server.x86_64                                          3.28.5-5.el7                                                    @base   
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch                                3.28.5-5.el7                                                    @base   
exo.x86_64                                                            0.10.7-1.el7                                                    @epel   
expat.x86_64                                                          2.1.0-12.el7                                                    @base   
file-libs.x86_64                                                      5.11-37.el7                                                     @base   
filesystem.x86_64                                                     3.2-25.el7                                                      @CentOS 
findutils.x86_64                                                      1:4.5.11-6.el7                                                  @CentOS 
fipscheck.x86_64                                                      1.4.1-6.el7                                                     @base   
fipscheck-lib.x86_64                                                  1.4.1-6.el7                                                     @base   
flac-libs.x86_64                                                      1.3.0-5.el7_1                                                   @base   
flatpak.x86_64                                                        1.0.9-10.el7_9                                                  @updates
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                                   1.0.9-10.el7_9                                                  @updates
fontconfig.x86_64                                                     2.13.0-4.3.el7                                                  @base   
fontpackages-filesystem.noarch                                        1.44-8.el7                                                      @base   
freetype.x86_64                                                       2.8-14.el7_9.1                                                  @updates
fribidi.x86_64                                                        1.0.2-1.el7_7.1                                                 @base   
fuse.x86_64                                                           2.9.2-11.el7                                                    @base   
fuse-libs.x86_64                                                      2.9.2-11.el7                                                    @base   
garcon.x86_64                                                         0.4.0-3.el7                                                     @epel   
gawk.x86_64                                                           4.0.2-4.el7_3.1                                                 @CentOS 
gcr.x86_64                                                            3.28.0-1.el7                                                    @base   
gdbm.x86_64                                                           1.10-8.el7                                                      @CentOS 
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                                    2.36.12-3.el7                                                   @base   
geoclue2.x86_64                                                       2.4.8-1.el7                                                     @base   
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                                  2.4.8-1.el7                                                     @base   
geocode-glib.x86_64                                                   3.26.0-3.el7                                                    @base   
geoipupdate.x86_64                                                    2.5.0-1.el7                                                     @CentOS 
git.x86_64                                                            1.8.3.1-23.el7_8                                                @base   
gjs.x86_64                                                            1.52.5-1.el7_6                                                  @base   
glib-networking.x86_64                                                2.56.1-1.el7                                                    @base   
glib2.x86_64                                                          2.56.1-8.el7                                                    @updates
glibc.x86_64                                                          2.17-324.el7_9                                                  @updates
glibc-common.x86_64                                                   2.17-324.el7_9                                                  @updates
glibmm24.x86_64                                                       2.56.0-1.el7                                                    @base   
glx-utils.x86_64                                                      8.3.0-10.el7                                                    @base   
gmp.x86_64                                                            1:6.0.0-15.el7                                                  @CentOS 
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                                                1:3.28.2-1.el7                                                  @base   
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                                           1:3.28.2-1.el7                                                  @base   
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                                 3.28.2-2.el7                                                    @base   
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                                               3.12.0-1.el7                                                    @base   
gnome-icon-theme-legacy.noarch                                        3.12.0-1.el7                                                    @base   
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                                  3.28.2-1.el7                                                    @base   
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                                              3.28.2-1.el7                                                    @base   
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                                          3.28.2-1.el7                                                    @base   
gnome-session.x86_64                                                  3.28.1-8.el7                                                    @base   
gnome-themes-standard.x86_64                                          3.28-2.el7                                                      @base   
gnu-free-fonts-common.noarch                                          20120503-8.el7                                                  @base   
gnu-free-mono-fonts.noarch                                            20120503-8.el7                                                  @base   
gnu-free-sans-fonts.noarch                                            20120503-8.el7                                                  @base   
gnu-free-serif-fonts.noarch                                           20120503-8.el7                                                  @base   
gnupg2.x86_64                                                         2.0.22-5.el7_5                                                  @CentOS 
gnutls.x86_64                                                         3.3.29-9.el7_6                                                  @base   
gobject-introspection.x86_64                                          1.56.1-1.el7                                                    @CentOS 
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                                 1.002-0.4.20130214.el7                                          @base   
google-crosextra-carlito-fonts.noarch                                 1.103-0.2.20130920.el7                                          @base   
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                                  20180508-4.el7                                                  @base   
google-noto-emoji-fonts.noarch                                        20180508-4.el7                                                  @base   
gpgme.x86_64                                                          1.3.2-5.el7                                                     @CentOS 
gpm-libs.x86_64                                                       1.20.7-6.el7                                                    @base   
graphite2.x86_64                                                      1.3.10-1.el7_3                                                  @base   
grep.x86_64                                                           2.20-3.el7                                                      @CentOS 
grilo.x86_64                                                          0.3.6-1.el7                                                     @base   
groff-base.x86_64                                                     1.22.2-8.el7                                                    @base   
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                                      3.28.0-3.el7                                                    @base   
gsm.x86_64                                                            1.0.13-11.el7                                                   @base   
gstreamer1.x86_64                                                     1.10.4-2.el7                                                    @base   
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                                    1.10.4-3.el7                                                    @base   
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                                        1.10.4-2.el7                                                    @base   
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                                          3.22.30-6.el7                                                   @updates
gtk2.x86_64                                                           2.24.31-1.el7                                                   @base   
gtk3.x86_64                                                           3.22.30-6.el7                                                   @updates
gtkmm30.x86_64                                                        3.22.2-1.el7                                                    @base   
gzip.x86_64                                                           1.5-10.el7                                                      @CentOS 
hardlink.x86_64                                                       1:1.0-19.el7                                                    @CentOS 
harfbuzz.x86_64                                                       1.7.5-2.el7                                                     @base   
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                                   1.7.5-2.el7                                                     @base   
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                                             0.12-7.el7                                                      @base   
hostname.x86_64                                                       3.13-3.el7_7.1                                                  @CentOS 
hunspell.x86_64                                                       1.3.2-16.el7                                                    @base   
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                                 0.20121024-6.el7                                                @base   
hwdata.x86_64                                                         0.252-9.7.el7                                                   @base   
hyphen.x86_64                                                         2.8.6-5.el7                                                     @base   
ibus.x86_64                                                           1.5.17-12.el7_9                                                 @updates
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                                      1.5.17-12.el7_9                                                 @updates
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                                      1.5.17-12.el7_9                                                 @updates
ibus-libs.x86_64                                                      1.5.17-12.el7_9                                                 @updates
ibus-setup.noarch                                                     1.5.17-12.el7_9                                                 @updates
info.x86_64                                                           5.1-5.el7                                                       @CentOS 
initscripts.x86_64                                                    9.49.53-1.el7_9.1                                               @updates
iproute.x86_64                                                        4.11.0-30.el7                                                   @base   
iptables.x86_64                                                       1.4.21-35.el7                                                   @base   
iputils.x86_64                                                        20160308-10.el7                                                 @CentOS 
iso-codes.noarch                                                      3.46-2.el7                                                      @base   
jansson.x86_64                                                        2.10-1.el7                                                      @base   
jasper-libs.x86_64                                                    1.900.1-33.el7                                                  @base   
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                                   2.0-11.el7                                                      @base   
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                                                0.003-17.el7                                                    @base   
json-c.x86_64                                                         0.11-4.el7_0                                                    @CentOS 
json-glib.x86_64                                                      1.4.2-2.el7                                                     @base   
keybinder3.x86_64                                                     0.3.0-1.el7                                                     @base   
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                                  1.5.8-3.el7                                                     @CentOS 
khmeros-base-fonts.noarch                                             5.0-17.el7                                                      @base   
khmeros-fonts-common.noarch                                           5.0-17.el7                                                      @base   
kmod.x86_64                                                           20-28.el7                                                       @CentOS 
kmod-libs.x86_64                                                      20-28.el7                                                       @CentOS 
kpartx.x86_64                                                         0.4.9-134.el7_9                                                 @updates
krb5-libs.x86_64                                                      1.15.1-50.el7                                                   @base   
lcms2.x86_64                                                          2.6-3.el7                                                       @base   
less.x86_64                                                           458-9.el7                                                       @base   
libICE.x86_64                                                         1.0.9-9.el7                                                     @base   
libSM.x86_64                                                          1.2.2-2.el7                                                     @base   
libX11.x86_64                                                         1.6.7-3.el7_9                                                   @updates
libX11-common.noarch                                                  1.6.7-3.el7_9                                                   @updates
libXau.x86_64                                                         1.0.8-2.1.el7                                                   @base   
libXcomposite.x86_64                                                  0.4.4-4.1.el7                                                   @base   
libXcursor.x86_64                                                     1.1.15-1.el7                                                    @base   
libXdamage.x86_64                                                     1.1.4-4.1.el7                                                   @base   
libXdmcp.x86_64                                                       1.1.2-6.el7                                                     @base   
libXext.x86_64                                                        1.3.3-3.el7                                                     @base   
libXfixes.x86_64                                                      5.0.3-1.el7                                                     @base   
libXfont2.x86_64                                                      2.0.3-1.el7                                                     @base   
libXft.x86_64                                                         2.3.2-2.el7                                                     @base   
libXi.x86_64                                                          1.7.9-1.el7                                                     @base   
libXinerama.x86_64                                                    1.1.3-2.1.el7                                                   @base   
libXmu.x86_64                                                         1.1.2-2.el7                                                     @base   
libXrandr.x86_64                                                      1.5.1-2.el7                                                     @base   
libXrender.x86_64                                                     0.9.10-1.el7                                                    @base   
libXres.x86_64                                                        1.2.0-1.el7                                                     @base   
libXt.x86_64                                                          1.1.5-3.el7                                                     @base   
libXtst.x86_64                                                        1.2.3-1.el7                                                     @base   
libXv.x86_64                                                          1.0.11-1.el7                                                    @base   
libXxf86misc.x86_64                                                   1.0.3-7.1.el7                                                   @base   
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                                     1.1.4-1.el7                                                     @base   
libacl.x86_64                                                         2.2.51-15.el7                                                   @CentOS 
libappstream-glib.x86_64                                              0.7.8-2.el7                                                     @base   
libarchive.x86_64                                                     3.1.2-14.el7_7                                                  @base   
libassuan.x86_64                                                      2.1.0-3.el7                                                     @CentOS 
libasyncns.x86_64                                                     0.8-7.el7                                                       @base   
libattr.x86_64                                                        2.4.46-13.el7                                                   @CentOS 
libblkid.x86_64                                                       2.23.2-65.el7_9.1                                               @updates
libcanberra.x86_64                                                    0.30-9.el7                                                      @base   
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                                               0.30-9.el7                                                      @base   
libcap.x86_64                                                         2.22-11.el7                                                     @CentOS 
libcap-ng.x86_64                                                      0.7.5-4.el7                                                     @CentOS 
libcom_err.x86_64                                                     1.42.9-19.el7                                                   @base   
libcroco.x86_64                                                       0.6.12-6.el7_9                                                  @updates
libcurl.x86_64                                                        7.29.0-59.el7_9.1                                               @updates
libdb.x86_64                                                          5.3.21-25.el7                                                   @CentOS 
libdb-utils.x86_64                                                    5.3.21-25.el7                                                   @CentOS 
libdrm.x86_64                                                         2.4.97-2.el7                                                    @base   
libdvdnav.x86_64                                                      5.0.3-1.el7                                                     @base   
libdvdread.x86_64                                                     5.0.3-3.el7                                                     @base   
libedit.x86_64                                                        3.0-12.20121213cvs.el7                                          @base   
libepoxy.x86_64                                                       1.5.2-1.el7                                                     @base   
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                                        1:1.07.2-16.el7                                                 @base   
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                                          1:1.07.2-16.el7                                                 @base   
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                                          1:1.07.2-16.el7                                                 @base   
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                                         1:1.07.2-16.el7                                                 @base   
libevdev.x86_64                                                       1.5.6-1.el7                                                     @base   
libexif.x86_64                                                        0.6.22-2.el7_9                                                  @updates
libffi.x86_64                                                         3.0.13-19.el7                                                   @CentOS 
libfontenc.x86_64                                                     1.1.3-3.el7                                                     @base   
libgcab1.x86_64                                                       0.7-4.el7_4                                                     @base   
libgcc.x86_64                                                         4.8.5-44.el7                                                    @base   
libgcrypt.x86_64                                                      1.5.3-14.el7                                                    @CentOS 
libgdata.x86_64                                                       0.17.9-1.el7                                                    @base   
libglvnd.x86_64                                                       1:1.0.1-0.8.git5baa1e5.el7                                      @base   
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                                   1:1.0.1-0.8.git5baa1e5.el7                                      @base   
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                                  1:1.0.1-0.8.git5baa1e5.el7                                      @base   
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                                   1:1.0.1-0.8.git5baa1e5.el7                                      @base   
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                                    3.26.0-3.el7                                                    @base   
libgpg-error.x86_64                                                   1.12-3.el7                                                      @CentOS 
libgtop2.x86_64                                                       2.38.0-3.el7                                                    @base   
libgudev1.x86_64                                                      219-78.el7_9.3                                                  @updates
libgusb.x86_64                                                        0.2.9-1.el7                                                     @base   
libgweather.x86_64                                                    3.28.2-4.el7_9                                                  @updates
libical.x86_64                                                        3.0.3-2.el7                                                     @base   
libicu.x86_64                                                         50.2-4.el7_7                                                    @base   
libidn.x86_64                                                         1.28-4.el7                                                      @CentOS 
libimobiledevice.x86_64                                               1.2.0-1.el7                                                     @base   
libinput.x86_64                                                       1.10.7-2.el7                                                    @base   
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                                  1.2.90-8.el7                                                    @base   
libldb.x86_64                                                         1.5.4-2.el7                                                     @updates
libmnl.x86_64                                                         1.0.3-7.el7                                                     @base   
libmodman.x86_64                                                      2.0.1-8.el7                                                     @base   
libmount.x86_64                                                       2.23.2-65.el7_9.1                                               @updates
libmpcdec.x86_64                                                      1.2.6-12.el7                                                    @base   
libndp.x86_64                                                         1.2-9.el7                                                       @base   
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                                         1.0.6-1.el7_3                                                   @base   
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                                   1.0.1-4.el7                                                     @base   
libnl3.x86_64                                                         3.2.28-4.el7                                                    @base   
libnma.x86_64                                                         1.8.6-2.el7                                                     @base   
libnotify.x86_64                                                      0.7.7-1.el7                                                     @base   
liboauth.x86_64                                                       0.9.7-4.el7                                                     @base   
libogg.x86_64                                                         2:1.3.0-7.el7                                                   @base   
libpciaccess.x86_64                                                   0.14-1.el7                                                      @base   
libplist.x86_64                                                       1.12-3.el7                                                      @base   
libpng.x86_64                                                         2:1.5.13-8.el7                                                  @base   
libproxy.x86_64                                                       0.4.11-11.el7                                                   @base   
libpwquality.x86_64                                                   1.2.3-5.el7                                                     @CentOS 
librsvg2.x86_64                                                       2.40.20-1.el7                                                   @base   
libseccomp.x86_64                                                     2.3.1-4.el7                                                     @base   
libsecret.x86_64                                                      0.18.6-1.el7                                                    @base   
libselinux.x86_64                                                     2.5-15.el7                                                      @CentOS 
libsemanage.x86_64                                                    2.5-14.el7                                                      @CentOS 
libsepol.x86_64                                                       2.5-10.el7                                                      @CentOS 
libsigc++20.x86_64                                                    2.10.0-1.el7                                                    @base   
libsmartcols.x86_64                                                   2.23.2-65.el7_9.1                                               @updates
libsmbclient.x86_64                                                   4.10.16-13.el7_9                                                @updates
libsndfile.x86_64                                                     1.0.25-12.el7                                                   @base   
libsoup.x86_64                                                        2.62.2-2.el7                                                    @base   
libsrtp.x86_64                                                        1.4.4-11.20101004cvs.el7                                        @base   
libssh2.x86_64                                                        1.8.0-4.el7                                                     @base   
libstdc++.x86_64                                                      4.8.5-44.el7                                                    @base   
libtalloc.x86_64                                                      2.1.16-1.el7                                                    @base   
libtasn1.x86_64                                                       4.10-1.el7                                                      @CentOS 
libtdb.x86_64                                                         1.3.18-1.el7                                                    @base   
libtevent.x86_64                                                      0.9.39-1.el7                                                    @base   
libthai.x86_64                                                        0.1.14-9.el7                                                    @base   
libtheora.x86_64                                                      1:1.1.1-8.el7                                                   @base   
libtiff.x86_64                                                        4.0.3-35.el7                                                    @base   
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                                   2.4.2-22.el7_3                                                  @base   
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                                     1.0.10-5.el7                                                    @base   
libusbx.x86_64                                                        1.0.21-1.el7                                                    @base   
libuser.x86_64                                                        0.60-9.el7                                                      @CentOS 
libutempter.x86_64                                                    1.1.6-4.el7                                                     @CentOS 
libuuid.x86_64                                                        2.23.2-65.el7_9.1                                               @updates
libverto.x86_64                                                       0.2.5-4.el7                                                     @CentOS 
libvisual.x86_64                                                      0.4.0-16.el7                                                    @base   
libvncserver.x86_64                                                   0.9.9-14.el7_8.1                                                @updates
libvorbis.x86_64                                                      1:1.3.3-8.el7.1                                                 @base   
libwacom.x86_64                                                       0.30-1.el7                                                      @base   
libwacom-data.noarch                                                  0.30-1.el7                                                      @base   
libwayland-client.x86_64                                              1.15.0-1.el7                                                    @base   
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                                              1.15.0-1.el7                                                    @base   
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                                 1.15.0-1.el7                                                    @base   
libwayland-server.x86_64                                              1.15.0-1.el7                                                    @base   
libwbclient.x86_64                                                    4.10.16-13.el7_9                                                @updates
libwebp.x86_64                                                        0.3.0-7.el7                                                     @base   
libwnck.x86_64                                                        2.31.0-1.el7                                                    @epel   
libxcb.x86_64                                                         1.13-1.el7                                                      @base   
libxfce4ui.x86_64                                                     4.12.1-3.el7                                                    @epel   
libxfce4util.x86_64                                                   4.12.1-2.el7                                                    @epel   
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                                   0.7.1-3.el7                                                     @base   
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                                               0.7.1-3.el7                                                     @base   
libxkbfile.x86_64                                                     1.0.9-3.el7                                                     @base   
libxklavier.x86_64                                                    5.4-7.el7                                                       @base   
libxml2.x86_64                                                        2.9.1-6.el7.5                                                   @base   
libxml2-python.x86_64                                                 2.9.1-6.el7.5                                                   @base   
libxshmfence.x86_64                                                   1.2-1.el7                                                       @base   
libxslt.x86_64                                                        1.1.28-6.el7                                                    @base   
lklug-fonts.noarch                                                    0.6-10.20090803cvs.el7                                          @base   
llvm-private.x86_64                                                   7.0.1-1.el7                                                     @base   
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                                           2.5.3-2.el7                                                     @base   
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                                            2.5.3-4.el7                                                     @base   
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                                         2.5.3-4.el7                                                     @base   
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                                           2.5.3-2.el7                                                     @base   
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                                            2.5.3-3.el7                                                     @base   
lohit-malayalam-fonts.noarch                                          2.5.3-2.el7                                                     @base   
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                                            2.5.3-2.el7                                                     @base   
lohit-nepali-fonts.noarch                                             2.5.3-2.el7                                                     @base   
lohit-oriya-fonts.noarch                                              2.5.4.1-3.el7                                                   @base   
lohit-punjabi-fonts.noarch                                            2.5.3-2.el7                                                     @base   
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                                              2.5.3-2.el7                                                     @base   
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                                             2.5.3-3.el7                                                     @base   
lua.x86_64                                                            5.1.4-15.el7                                                    @CentOS 
lz4.x86_64                                                            1.8.3-1.el7                                                     @base   
lzo.x86_64                                                            2.06-8.el7                                                      @base   
lzo-minilzo.x86_64                                                    2.06-8.el7                                                      @base   
madan-fonts.noarch                                                    2.000-11.el7                                                    @base   
make.x86_64                                                           1:3.82-24.el7                                                   @base   
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                                               18.3.4-12.el7_9                                                 @updates
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                                                18.3.4-12.el7_9                                                 @updates
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                                    18.3.4-12.el7_9                                                 @updates
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                                     18.3.4-12.el7_9                                                 @updates
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                                    18.3.4-12.el7_9                                                 @updates
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                                  18.3.4-12.el7_9                                                 @updates
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                                 1.20170310-1.el7                                                @base   
mozjs17.x86_64                                                        17.0.0-20.el7                                                   @base   
mozjs52.x86_64                                                        52.9.0-1.el7                                                    @base   
mtdev.x86_64                                                          1.1.5-5.el7                                                     @base   
ncurses.x86_64                                                        5.9-14.20130511.el7_4                                           @CentOS 
ncurses-base.noarch                                                   5.9-14.20130511.el7_4                                           @CentOS 
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                                   5.9-14.20130511.el7_4                                           @CentOS 
net-tools.x86_64                                                      2.0-0.25.20131004git.el7                                        @base   
nettle.x86_64                                                         2.7.1-9.el7_9                                                   @updates
nhn-nanum-fonts-common.noarch                                         3.020-9.el7                                                     @base   
nhn-nanum-gothic-fonts.noarch                                         3.020-9.el7                                                     @base   
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                                           1.8.6-2.el7                                                     @base   
nspr.x86_64                                                           4.25.0-2.el7_9                                                  @updates
nss.x86_64                                                            3.53.1-7.el7_9                                                  @updates
nss-pem.x86_64                                                        1.0.3-7.el7                                                     @CentOS 
nss-softokn.x86_64                                                    3.53.1-6.el7_9                                                  @updates
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                                             3.53.1-6.el7_9                                                  @updates
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                                    3.53.1-7.el7_9                                                  @updates
nss-tools.x86_64                                                      3.53.1-7.el7_9                                                  @updates
nss-util.x86_64                                                       3.53.1-1.el7_9                                                  @updates
nss_wrapper.x86_64                                                    1.1.7-3.el7                                                     @epel   
open-sans-fonts.noarch                                                1.10-1.el7                                                      @base   
openjpeg-libs.x86_64                                                  1.5.1-18.el7                                                    @base   
openldap.x86_64                                                       2.4.44-23.el7_9                                                 @updates
openssh.x86_64                                                        7.4p1-21.el7                                                    @base   
openssh-askpass.x86_64                                                7.4p1-21.el7                                                    @base   
openssh-clients.x86_64                                                7.4p1-21.el7                                                    @base   
openssl-libs.x86_64                                                   1:1.0.2k-21.el7_9                                               @updates
opus.x86_64                                                           1.0.2-6.el7                                                     @base   
orage.x86_64                                                          4.12.1-3.el7                                                    @epel   
orc.x86_64                                                            0.4.26-1.el7                                                    @base   
overpass-fonts.noarch                                                 2.1-1.el7                                                       @base   
p11-kit.x86_64                                                        0.23.5-3.el7                                                    @CentOS 
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                                  0.23.5-3.el7                                                    @CentOS 
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                                      4.1-3.el7                                                       @base   
pam.x86_64                                                            1.1.8-23.el7                                                    @CentOS 
pango.x86_64                                                          1.42.4-4.el7_7                                                  @base   
pangomm.x86_64                                                        2.40.1-1.el7                                                    @base   
paratype-pt-sans-fonts.noarch                                         20101909-3.el7                                                  @base   
passwd.x86_64                                                         0.79-6.el7                                                      @CentOS 
pavucontrol.x86_64                                                    3.0-5.el7                                                       @base   
pcre.x86_64                                                           8.32-17.el7                                                     @CentOS 
pcre2.x86_64                                                          10.23-2.el7                                                     @base   
perl.x86_64                                                           4:5.16.3-299.el7_9                                              @updates
perl-Carp.noarch                                                      1.26-244.el7                                                    @base   
perl-Encode.x86_64                                                    2.51-7.el7                                                      @base   
perl-Error.noarch                                                     1:0.17020-2.el7                                                 @base   
perl-Exporter.noarch                                                  5.68-3.el7                                                      @base   
perl-File-Path.noarch                                                 2.09-2.el7                                                      @base   
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                                 0.23.01-3.el7                                                   @base   
perl-Filter.x86_64                                                    1.49-3.el7                                                      @base   
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                                               2.40-3.el7                                                      @base   
perl-Git.noarch                                                       1.8.3.1-23.el7_8                                                @base   
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                                 0.033-3.el7                                                     @base   
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                                 3.40-5.el7                                                      @base   
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                                               1:1.04-299.el7_9                                                @updates
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                                               3.20-4.el7                                                      @base   
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                                                1:3.28-4.el7                                                    @base   
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                                 1.63-3.el7                                                      @base   
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                                         1.27-248.el7                                                    @base   
perl-Socket.x86_64                                                    2.010-5.el7                                                     @base   
perl-Storable.x86_64                                                  2.45-3.el7                                                      @base   
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                                               2.30-20.el7                                                     @base   
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                                           3.29-4.el7                                                      @base   
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                                                4:1.9725-3.el7                                                  @base   
perl-Time-Local.noarch                                                1.2300-2.el7                                                    @base   
perl-constant.noarch                                                  1.27-2.el7                                                      @base   
perl-libs.x86_64                                                      4:5.16.3-299.el7_9                                              @updates
perl-macros.x86_64                                                    4:5.16.3-299.el7_9                                              @updates
perl-parent.noarch                                                    1:0.225-244.el7                                                 @base   
perl-podlators.noarch                                                 2.5.1-3.el7                                                     @base   
perl-threads.x86_64                                                   1.87-4.el7                                                      @base   
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                                            1.43-6.el7                                                      @base   
pinentry.x86_64                                                       0.8.1-17.el7                                                    @CentOS 
pinentry-gtk.x86_64                                                   0.8.1-17.el7                                                    @base   
pixman.x86_64                                                         0.34.0-1.el7                                                    @base   
pkgconfig.x86_64                                                      1:0.27.1-4.el7                                                  @CentOS 
polkit.x86_64                                                         0.112-26.el7                                                    @base   
polkit-gnome.x86_64                                                   0.106-0.1.20170423gita0763a2.el7                                @epel   
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                                             0.1-4.el7                                                       @base   
poppler.x86_64                                                        0.26.5-43.el7.1                                                 @updates
poppler-data.noarch                                                   0.4.6-3.el7                                                     @base   
poppler-glib.x86_64                                                   0.26.5-43.el7.1                                                 @updates
popt.x86_64                                                           1.13-16.el7                                                     @CentOS 
procps-ng.x86_64                                                      3.3.10-28.el7                                                   @base   
psmisc.x86_64                                                         22.20-17.el7                                                    @base   
pth.x86_64                                                            2.0.7-23.el7                                                    @CentOS 
pulseaudio.x86_64                                                     10.0-6.el7_9                                                    @updates
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                                                10.0-6.el7_9                                                    @updates
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                                          10.0-6.el7_9                                                    @updates
pulseaudio-module-bluetooth.x86_64                                    10.0-6.el7_9                                                    @updates
pycairo.x86_64                                                        1.8.10-8.el7                                                    @base   
pygpgme.x86_64                                                        0.3-9.el7                                                       @CentOS 
pyliblzma.x86_64                                                      0.5.3-11.el7                                                    @CentOS 
python.x86_64                                                         2.7.5-90.el7                                                    @updates
python-chardet.noarch                                                 2.2.1-3.el7                                                     @CentOS 
python-gobject.x86_64                                                 3.22.0-1.el7_4.1                                                @base   
python-gobject-base.x86_64                                            3.22.0-1.el7_4.1                                                @CentOS 
python-iniparse.noarch                                                0.4-9.el7                                                       @CentOS 
python-kitchen.noarch                                                 1.1.1-5.el7                                                     @CentOS 
python-libs.x86_64                                                    2.7.5-90.el7                                                    @updates
python-pycurl.x86_64                                                  7.19.0-19.el7                                                   @CentOS 
python-urlgrabber.noarch                                              3.10-10.el7                                                     @CentOS 
pyxattr.x86_64                                                        0.5.1-5.el7                                                     @CentOS 
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                                  3.4.1-3.el7                                                     @CentOS 
readline.x86_64                                                       6.2-11.el7                                                      @CentOS 
redhat-menus.noarch                                                   12.0.2-8.el7                                                    @base   
rest.x86_64                                                           0.8.1-2.el7                                                     @base   
rootfiles.noarch                                                      8.1-11.el7                                                      @CentOS 
rpm.x86_64                                                            4.11.3-45.el7                                                   @base   
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                                 4.11.3-45.el7                                                   @base   
rpm-libs.x86_64                                                       4.11.3-45.el7                                                   @base   
rpm-python.x86_64                                                     4.11.3-45.el7                                                   @base   
rsync.x86_64                                                          3.1.2-10.el7                                                    @base   
rtkit.x86_64                                                          0.11-10.el7                                                     @base   
samba-client-libs.x86_64                                              4.10.16-13.el7_9                                                @updates
samba-common.noarch                                                   4.10.16-13.el7_9                                                @updates
samba-common-libs.x86_64                                              4.10.16-13.el7_9                                                @updates
sbc.x86_64                                                            1.0-5.el7                                                       @base   
sed.x86_64                                                            4.2.2-7.el7                                                     @base   
setup.noarch                                                          2.8.71-11.el7                                                   @CentOS 
shadow-utils.x86_64                                                   2:4.6-5.el7                                                     @CentOS 
shared-mime-info.x86_64                                               1.8-5.el7                                                       @CentOS 
sil-abyssinica-fonts.noarch                                           1.200-6.el7                                                     @base   
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                                                2.1.1-5.el7                                                     @base   
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                                               2.8-5.el7                                                       @base   
smc-fonts-common.noarch                                               6.0-7.el7                                                       @base   
smc-meera-fonts.noarch                                                6.0-7.el7                                                       @base   
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                                        0.8-3.el7                                                       @base   
soundtouch.x86_64                                                     1.4.0-9.el7                                                     @base   
speex.x86_64                                                          1.2-0.19.rc1.el7                                                @base   
sqlite.x86_64                                                         3.7.17-8.el7_7.1                                                @CentOS 
startup-notification.x86_64                                           0.12-8.el7                                                      @base   
stix-fonts.noarch                                                     1.1.0-5.el7                                                     @base   
sudo.x86_64                                                           1.8.23-10.el7_9.1                                               @updates
systemd.x86_64                                                        219-78.el7_9.3                                                  @updates
systemd-libs.x86_64                                                   219-78.el7_9.3                                                  @updates
systemd-sysv.x86_64                                                   219-78.el7_9.3                                                  @updates
sysvinit-tools.x86_64                                                 2.88-14.dsf.el7                                                 @base   
tar.x86_64                                                            2:1.26-35.el7                                                   @CentOS 
tcl.x86_64                                                            1:8.5.13-8.el7                                                  @base   
tcp_wrappers-libs.x86_64                                              7.6-77.el7                                                      @base   
telepathy-filesystem.noarch                                           0.0.2-6.el7                                                     @base   
telepathy-glib.x86_64                                                 0.24.1-1.el7                                                    @base   
telepathy-logger.x86_64                                               0.8.0-5.el7                                                     @base   
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                                     0.5.0-7.el7                                                     @base   
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                                      0.5.0-7.el7                                                     @base   
thunar-archive-plugin.x86_64                                          0.3.1-6.el7                                                     @epel   
thunar-volman.x86_64                                                  0.8.1-2.el7                                                     @epel   
tigervnc-license.noarch                                               1.8.0-22.el7                                                    @updates
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                                        1.8.0-22.el7                                                    @updates
tk.x86_64                                                             1:8.5.13-6.el7                                                  @base   
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                                                3.26.1-1.el7                                                    @base   
trousers.x86_64                                                       0.3.14-2.el7                                                    @base   
tumbler.x86_64                                                        0.1.31-2.el7                                                    @epel   
tzdata.noarch                                                         2021a-1.el7                                                     @updates
ucs-miscfixed-fonts.noarch                                            0.3-11.el7                                                      @base   
ustr.x86_64                                                           1.0.4-16.el7                                                    @CentOS 
util-linux.x86_64                                                     2.23.2-65.el7_9.1                                               @updates
vim-common.x86_64                                                     2:7.4.629-8.el7_9                                               @updates
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                                   2:7.4.629-8.el7_9                                               @updates
vim-filesystem.x86_64                                                 2:7.4.629-8.el7_9                                               @updates
vim-minimal.x86_64                                                    2:7.4.629-8.el7_9                                               @updates
vino.x86_64                                                           3.22.0-7.el7                                                    @base   
vlgothic-fonts.noarch                                                 20130607-2.el7                                                  @base   
vte-profile.x86_64                                                    0.52.4-1.el7                                                    @base   
vte291.x86_64                                                         0.52.4-1.el7                                                    @base   
webkitgtk4.x86_64                                                     2.28.2-2.el7                                                    @base   
webkitgtk4-jsc.x86_64                                                 2.28.2-2.el7                                                    @base   
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                                        0.3-1.el7                                                       @base   
which.x86_64                                                          2.20-7.el7                                                      @base   
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                                 1:2.6-12.el7_9.2                                                @updates
wqy-microhei-fonts.noarch                                             0.2.0-0.12.beta.el7                                             @base   
wqy-zenhei-fonts.noarch                                               0.9.46-11.el7                                                   @base   
x11vnc.x86_64                                                         0.9.13-12.el7                                                   @epel   
xcb-util.x86_64                                                       0.4.0-2.el7                                                     @base   
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                                             1.0.2-1.el7                                                     @base   
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                                         1.0.2-1.el7                                                     @base   
xfce-polkit.x86_64                                                    0.2-8.el7                                                       @epel   
xfce4-appfinder.x86_64                                                4.12.0-4.el7                                                    @epel   
xfce4-panel.x86_64                                                    4.12.1-4.el7                                                    @epel   
xfce4-pulseaudio-plugin.x86_64                                        0.2.5-2.el7                                                     @epel   
xfce4-session.x86_64                                                  4.12.1-8.el7                                                    @epel   
xfce4-session-engines.x86_64                                          4.12.1-8.el7                                                    @epel   
xfce4-settings.x86_64                                                 4.12.1-1.el7                                                    @epel   
xfce4-terminal.x86_64                                                 0.8.7.4-2.el7                                                   @epel   
xfconf.x86_64                                                         4.12.0-3.el7                                                    @epel   
xfdesktop.x86_64                                                      4.12.4-3.el7                                                    @epel   
xfwm4.x86_64                                                          4.12.3-2.el7                                                    @epel   
xinetd.x86_64                                                         2:2.3.15-14.el7                                                 @base   
xkeyboard-config.noarch                                               2.24-1.el7                                                      @base   
xml-common.noarch                                                     0.6.3-39.el7                                                    @base   
xorg-x11-server-Xvfb.x86_64                                           1.20.4-15.el7_9                                                 @updates
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                                         1.20.4-15.el7_9                                                 @updates
xorg-x11-server-utils.x86_64                                          7.7-20.el7                                                      @base   
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                                 1:1.0.9-1.el7                                                   @base   
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                                 1.3.4-2.el7                                                     @base   
xorg-x11-xkb-utils.x86_64                                             7.7-14.el7                                                      @base   
xz.x86_64                                                             5.2.2-1.el7                                                     @CentOS 
xz-libs.x86_64                                                        5.2.2-1.el7                                                     @CentOS 
yum.noarch                                                            3.4.3-168.el7.centos                                            @base   
yum-metadata-parser.x86_64                                            1.1.4-10.el7                                                    @CentOS 
yum-plugin-fastestmirror.noarch                                       1.1.31-54.el7_8                                                 @Updates
yum-plugin-ovl.noarch                                                 1.1.31-54.el7_8                                                 @Updates
yum-utils.noarch                                                      1.1.31-54.el7_8                                                 @Updates
zenity.x86_64                                                         3.28.1-1.el7                                                    @base   
zlib.x86_64                                                           1.2.7-19.el7_9                                                  @updates
